---
title: Community Bonding
author: Soham Banerjee
author_url: https://github.com/soham4abc
author_image_url: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/63705023?v=4
tags: [gsoc22, react, API]
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 Soham Banerjee <sohambanerjee4abc@hotmail.com>
-->

## Meeting 1

_(June 2nd, 2022)_

First GSOC 2022 weekly update meeting

<!--truncate-->

### Discussions

- Understood the flow and processes of the weekly updates meetings organized by the Organisation.
- Discussed and came to fix a suitable time for project-specific weekly meetings (Every Tuesday from 2:30 PM to 3:30 PM GMT)
- Explained the fixes issued during this week and the possibilities of more upcoming fixes.
- Some project-specific doubts cleared regarding the API testing

### Contributions

- [API Header fix](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/210)
- [Constants exported for browse module](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/207)
- [Updated dependencies of the project](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/206)

### Conclusion and Further Plans

- Currently will be looking for scopes to modularise the larger components into smaller components for better reusability and flexibility in future updates.
- Will be testing the APIs and if issues are found will be reporting them to the mentors and will be issuing respective fixes for them.

## Meeting 2

_(June 9th, 2022)_

GSOC 2022 weekly update meeting

<!--truncate-->

### Discussions

- Understood the flow and processes of the weekly updates meetings organized by the Organisation.
- Discussed and came to fix a suitable time for project-specific weekly meetings (Every Tuesday from 2:30 PM to 3:30 PM GMT)
- Explained the resuablity of the constants in some components.
- The flow of the development during the GSOC period was discussed upon.

### Contributions

- [Re-Used constants in Upload directory](https://github.com/fossology/FOSSologyUI/pull/219)

### Conclusion and Further Plans

- Students will be creating tickets and they will be assiged by the mentors to fix the issues.
- Necessary KT session will be conducted in the Project specific meets to discuss the issues and fix them.
