---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Week 1
---

<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 Shaheem Azmal M MD <shaheem.azmal@gmail.com@gmail.com>
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2022 Siemens AG
-->

Welcome to meeting minutes page for GSoC 2022.


## Attendees:

  - [Katharina Ettinger](https://github.com)
  - [Michael c Jaeger](https://github.com/mcjaeger)
  - [Nicolas Toussaint](https://github.com/NicolasToussaint)
  - [Anupam Ghosh](https://github.com/ag4ums)
  - [Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx)
  - [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)
  - [Kaushlendra Pratap](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)
  - [Ayush Bhardwaj](https://github.com/hastagAB)
  - [Shruti Agarwal](https://github.com/Shruti3004)
  - [Vivek Kumar](https://github.com/viv9k)
  - [Sahil Jha](https://github.com/sjha2048)
  - [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)
  - [Sushant Kumar](https://github.com/its-sushant)
  - [Feng Wenhan](https://github.com/fwhdzh)
  - [Rohit Pandey](https://github.com/rohitpandey49)
  - [Thanvi Lahari Pendyala](https://github.com/Pendyala-thanvi)
  - [Ayush Kumar](https://github.com/Ayush7614)
  - [Krishna Mahato](https://github.com/krishna9304)
  - [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)


## General

Welcome to the first updates meeting from [Shaheem Azmal M MD](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd).

[Tool](https://fossology.github.io/gsoc/docs/2022/) to track the updates.
Every student need to update the weekly progress.
For more details refer [GSOC 2021](https://fossology.github.io/gsoc/docs/2021/).

[Gaurav Mishra](https://github.com/GMishx) explains about the tool.

## Updates from students

- [Sushant Kumar](https://github.com/its-sushant)

  - Project setup done. Deciding upon two ideas to import dataset. Actively contacting mentors

- [Feng Wenhan](https://github.com/fwhdzh)

  - Was able to set up project. Couldn't do much as I was busy with exams.

- [Rohit Pandey](https://github.com/rohitpandey49)

  - Project setup done contributed few PRs for fossology community(merged). Looking in to reuse project.

- [Thanvi Lahari Pendyala](https://github.com/Pendyala-thanvi)

  - Project setup done. Contacting mentors, understanding Spasht. Need to work on open PR's from fossology community.

- [Ayush Kumar](https://github.com/Ayush7614)

  - Done with project set up. Contributed few PRs. Contacted Shruthi for quesions and understanding.

- [Krishna Mahato](https://github.com/krishna9304)

  - Sent/shared a document with mentors about what needs to be done. Installed and set up project done. Doing some research on project.

- [Soham Banerjee](https://github.com/soham4abc)

  - Project setup done. Fixed some issues for UI project. Looking in to the code to find more issues.

- [Samuel Dushimimana](https://github.com/dushimsam)

  - I've done setting up the project .
  - I've mastered the front-end (FossologyUI) project structure.
  - I've got familiar to your flow of the project built on top of PHP Slim framework.
    and I went across through your APIs documentation and saw the done and the ones still on the queue.

## Meetings & Timings for individual projects

- UI Project - every tuesday 8:00 pm to 9:00 pm IST (4:30 pm to 5:30 pm europe).
- Spasht - every wednesday 4:30 pm to 5:00 pm IST.
- Reuse - every tuesday 5:30 pm to 6:00 pm IST.
- Atarashi - every tuesday 5:00 pm to 5:30 pm IST.
- Introduction of Project - every thursday 5:00 pm to 5:30pm for Feng, 2:30 pm to 3:00pm in India. # , 11:00 am to 11:30 am in Europe.

